[LUGNER]
Of course.
c0000001
I remember now.
c0000002
It was Frieren.
c0000003
The mage who made
great contributions
c0000004
to humanity's
analysis of Zoltraak
c0000005
and sent more demons
to the grave
c0000006
than anyone else in history.
c0000007
Frieren the Slayer.
c0000008
One of the geniuses
I despise.
c0000009
[PRIEST 8A] It's important that
you rest for the time being.
c0000010
I appreciate it.
c0000011
[door opens]
c0000012
Whoa, there.
c0000013
You doing okay?
c0000014
I will survive,
but only because of you two.
c0000015
[GRANAT]
I'm grateful.
c0000016
I'll pardon your companion
for her actions as well.
c0000017
[GRANAT] She was right
to take a stand when she did.
c0000018
Which means nothing's stopping
Frieren from coming back.
c0000019
The "peace" envoy's
as good as dead.
c0000020
Also...please know that
Mistress Frieren
c0000021
didn't kill your guard.
c0000022
I am aware.
c0000023
The demons are to blame
for that, too.
c0000024
[GRANAT]
More importantly,
c0000025
you said this woman's name
is Frieren?
c0000026
Yes.
c0000027
[GRANAT] Which almost certainly
makes her the elven mage
c0000028
who adventured with the Hero.
c0000029
I've committed a grave
discourtesy against her.
c0000030
My family owes a debt
to that great band of heroes.
c0000031
[GRANAT]
During my grandfather's rule,
c0000032
this town was attacked
by demons.
c0000033
Frieren and her comrades
drove them off
c0000034
and saved our people.
c0000035
That same enemy has returned.
c0000036
Aura, one of the
Seven Sages of Destruction.
c0000037
It's been a while, Aura.
c0000038
Eighty years.
c0000039
The decades fly by,
don't they, Frieren.
c0000040
♪
c0000041
No doubt you plan to attack
the town ahead.
c0000042
[FRIEREN] But I'd appreciate
it if you turned back now.
c0000043
[AURA]
That won't do.
c0000044
[FRIEREN]
Why not?
c0000045
Because I carry an advantage
that assures my success.
c0000046
Oh?
c0000047
[FRIEREN] You have
more puppets than before.
c0000048
Your magic must be
unbelievably powerful
c0000049
if you're able to control
this many at once.
c0000050
I'm sure no human
could even begin to dream
c0000051
of wielding such might.
c0000052
But this dark magic is enough
to make me vomit.
c0000053
It's disgusting.
c0000054
Vomit?
You wound me.
c0000055
It took a lot of work
to gather such an army.
c0000056
♪
c0000057
[FRIEREN] I recognize
some of those crests.
c0000058
Right, then.
c0000059
It seems my best option is to
kill you once and for all.
c0000060
[Aura chuckles]
c0000061
[GRANAT]
The Scales of Obedience.
c0000062
They're why we haven't
been able to defeat Aura
c0000063
over the years.
c0000064
Her magic allows her to control
a person's will,
c0000065
forces them to obey her
every command.
c0000066
The Seven Sages of Destruction
wield power
c0000067
beyond human comprehension.
c0000068
We believe Aura places her soul
c0000069
and the soul of her target
on the scales,
c0000070
then weighs them against
each other.
c0000071
Whoever has greater mana
gains control of the other,
c0000072
turning them into a puppet
for all eternity,
c0000073
until their body withers away
c0000074
and only armor remains.
c0000075
The risk involved
makes the spell powerful.
c0000076
And when it's cast by someone
as mighty as Aura,
c0000077
it cannot be overcome.
c0000078
There must be a means
of countering the spell.
c0000079
[sighs] Aura's strength
seems unbeatable.
c0000080
[GRANAT]
But the scales themselves
c0000081
are fair, impartial judges.
c0000082
If a soul with greater mana
than Aura's
c0000083
were to be placed upon them,
c0000084
she could be defeated.
c0000085
Still...
according to what we know,
c0000086
that has yet to happen once
in the last 500 years,
c0000087
ever since she became
a Sage of Destruction.
c0000088
You mean there's no way
for us to stand against her?
c0000089
Once upon a time, there was...
c0000090
[GRANAT] Those with
fierce determination
c0000091
were able to temporarily
resist Aura's spell.
c0000092
The warriors who had wills
forged of iron.
c0000093
The greatest among us.
c0000094
But even then,
it was temporary?
c0000095
Which made them
her primary targets.
c0000096
They stood in her way,
c0000097
threatened her victory.
c0000098
And so,
c0000099
when she finally broke them,
c0000100
Aura the Guillotine
made certain
c0000101
they would no longer
pose a threat to her.
c0000102
[GRANAT]
It's a tragic tale.
c0000103
[AURA]
Well?
c0000104
Haven't I impressed you
with my immortal soldiers?
c0000105
My, this is a surprise.
c0000106
[AURA] You dispelled the magic
I used to control them.
c0000107
No one's ever done that before.
c0000108
Such a formidable act
must consume
c0000109
a monumental amount
of mana, though,
c0000110
leaving you exhausted.
c0000111
Why would you use
such a roundabout method?
c0000112
The last time you faced me,
c0000113
you were casting flashy spells
left and right.
c0000114
[FRIEREN] Himmel scolded me
after that battle.
c0000115
[AURA]
You're holding back for him?
c0000116
I don't see why his words
should matter to you.
c0000117
[FRIEREN]
Why wouldn't they?
c0000118
Because Himmel is rotting
in the ground.
c0000119
[FRIEREN]
Thank you for saying that.
c0000120
You've reminded me that
demons are just monsters.
c0000121
So I can kill you
without mercy.
c0000122
[STARK]
All right.
c0000123
I've regained
most of my mobility.
c0000124
[STARK] Father,
this place is safe, right?
c0000125
Yes.
c0000126
There's a defensive barrier
around the church,
c0000127
though it's not as powerful
as the town's, I'm afraid.
c0000128
[STARK] Got it.
Graf, you wait here.
c0000129
Not so fast.
c0000130
[GRANAT]
What do you plan to do, brat?
c0000131
[STARK]
We may have escaped the demons,
c0000132
but they're still out there
plotting somewhere.
c0000133
[FERN]
Mister Stark.
c0000134
Be reasonable.
c0000135
[FERN] We only injured
that demon before
c0000136
because we took him
by surprise.
c0000137
Even with that advantage,
we couldn't finish him off.
c0000138
If we had kept
fighting those two,
c0000139
we would have been the ones
who were killed.
c0000140
[STARK] Someone's gotta
step up and try to stop them.
c0000141
But...
c0000142
[FERN]
You're right.
c0000143
Let me do this with you.
c0000144
[STARK]
No.
c0000145
You need to head
to the guard station.
c0000146
Start evacuating the townsfolk.
c0000147
You'll go out there alone?
c0000148
[STARK]
Yeah.
c0000149
No sweat.
c0000150
I'll swallow my pride
and beg Frieren to return.
c0000151
[FERN]
Huh?
c0000152
[STARK] She's obviously
the only person around
c0000153
who can defeat Lugner!
c0000154
[FERN]
Not what I was expecting,
c0000155
but more realistic.
c0000156
[STARK] Here.
The guards will listen to you
c0000157
if you show them this crest.
c0000158
[FERN]
Very well.
c0000159
[STARK]
I'm heading out of town.
c0000160
What is it?
c0000161
Your arm.
c0000162
It's all covered in blood.
c0000163
You're not worried they'll
question you at the gate?
c0000164
[STARK]
I'll be fine.
c0000165
Comes with being a warrior.
c0000166
Plus, it's not that much.
c0000167
I've never seen a warrior
walk through town
c0000168
with two bloody hands.
c0000169
You look like a murderer.
c0000170
[STARK]
You're one to talk.
c0000171
You've got just as much on you
as I do.
c0000172
[gasps]
c0000173
Wait.
Whose blood is this?
c0000174
It couldn't be mine.
c0000175
[STARK]
Hey!
c0000176
What is the matter with you?
c0000177
[FERN] Mister Stark,
there's mana in this blood!
c0000178
[STARK]
Fern!
c0000179
[STARK]
An axe?
c0000180
Unbelievable.
c0000181
I've got to be dreaming
or something.
c0000182
[STARK] 'Cause that looked
like my master's technique.
c0000183
[LUGNER]
I meant to hit your vitals,
c0000184
but you're faster
than I expected.
c0000185
It truly wasn't my intention
to make you suffer.
c0000186
Why do you look so shocked?
c0000187
Did you think your attack
had killed me?
c0000188
That I was mortally wounded?
c0000189
[LUGNER]
No. You're surprised
c0000190
you didn't sense us
as we approached.
c0000191
You aren't unique
in your ability
c0000192
to conceal your presence.
c0000193
It's a simple matter
of controlling one's mana.
c0000194
[LUGNER]
Any demon can do the same,
c0000195
should they wish.
c0000196
To be fair,
c0000197
it's hardly a noble way
c0000198
to approach a battle
between two mages.
c0000199
But these things happen.
c0000200
You like to hear yourself talk.
c0000201
Didn't you come here
to kill me?
c0000202
True. But seeing
as you're still alive,
c0000203
I might as well ask
a few questions.
c0000204
Unless, of course,
you're in a hurry to die.
c0000205
Go on.
c0000206
[LUGNER]
How strong is that boy?
c0000207
[FERN] He's Eisen the Warrior's
best student.
c0000208
[LUGNER]
I see.
c0000209
How unfortunate.
c0000210
The poor thing will die
a torturous death.
c0000211
Linie likes to take her time.
c0000212
One last thing.
c0000213
Where is Frieren hiding?
c0000214
She fled town after escaping.
c0000215
[FERN]
She had to,
c0000216
because you killed
the dungeon guard.
c0000217
Graf Granat blamed me
for that, as well.
c0000218
Is it really
such a serious offense?
c0000219
The penalty's death.
c0000220
[LUGNER]
Hm.
c0000221
Still, a woman like Frieren
wouldn't flee
c0000222
because of such a danger.
c0000223
It's obvious she holds
a grudge against demons.
c0000224
One so spiteful,
she taught her student
c0000225
a spell designed
solely to kill us.
c0000226
No. She would not run away.
c0000227
She left for another reason.
c0000228
For Lady Aura.
c0000229
Do not take another step.
c0000230
[FERN] I suspect you know
exactly where she's headed.
c0000231
Explain.
c0000232
[LUGNER]
You're wasting your time.
c0000233
You were lying when you said
c0000234
your intent wasn't for me
to suffer.
c0000235
[FERN] That attack
was never meant to kill me.
c0000236
It was revenge
for catching you off guard.
c0000237
You are a proud
and arrogant demon,
c0000238
so sure of your strength
c0000239
that you see Mistress Frieren
as the only threat in your way.
c0000240
[FERN]
Underestimating me
c0000241
has put you in
a dire predicament.
c0000242
From this distance,
c0000243
I can blast a hole
clean through your heart.
c0000244
[LUGNER]
Try it.
c0000245
Your head will fly
before you get the chance.
c0000246
[FERN]
Mistress Frieren?
c0000247
Am I of any real use to you?
c0000248
[FRIEREN]
Why would you ask such a thing?
c0000249
[FERN] I'm not as skilled
with magic as you are.
c0000250
That's more than apparent.
c0000251
[FRIEREN] I've lived many,
many more years than you have.
c0000252
You can't hope
to catch up to me.
c0000253
[FERN]
I see.
c0000254
Of course, that only applies
to your technique
c0000255
and your mana reserves.
c0000256
[FRIEREN] I often
let you handle monsters.
c0000257
You prove yourself
in those battles.
c0000258
Yes. You force me
to fight them often.
c0000259
[FRIEREN]
Apologies.
c0000260
Battles end sooner
whenever you fight by my side.
c0000261
You fire off spells
much faster than I do.
c0000262
[LUGNER]
Human...
c0000263
I've dedicated
the majority of my life
c0000264
to the pursuit of magic.
c0000265
As have I.
c0000266
♪
c0000267
[LUGNER] How is she responding
so quickly?
c0000268
If I hadn't acted reflexively,
c0000269
that would've pierced my heart.
c0000270
You blocked my attack,
c0000271
which must mean your heart
is your weak point.
c0000272
[LUGNER]
This girl.
c0000273
Interesting.
c0000274
You weren't lying about
dedicating your life to magic.
c0000275
That's good. I won't need
to hold back in this fight.
c0000276
[LUGNER] Bluterei!
c0000277
It sounds like
they've gotten started.
c0000278
That makes me
a little bit jealous.
c0000279
[LINIE]
Our fight is all but over.
c0000280
Perhaps
I'll observe their battle
c0000281
from afar.
c0000282
Lord Lugner gets cross
when I interfere.
c0000283
[Stark groans]
c0000284
[LINIE]
You're up?
c0000285
But we're not finished yet!
c0000286
[LINIE]
Aren't you tough?
c0000287
Perhaps this will be amusing.
c0000288
[LUGNER] My mana, technique,
and control
c0000289
are all far superior to hers.
c0000290
♪
c0000291
[LUGNER] She can't compare
to me in any way.
c0000292
The very thought of it
is ridiculous.
c0000293
However, she is fast.
c0000294
I'm being overwhelmed
c0000295
by the sheer number
of her attacks.
c0000296
♪
c0000297
[LUGNER]
Damn you, Frieren.
c0000298
How did you train this girl
to put up such a fight?
c0000299
It's no matter.
c0000300
She'll exhaust her mana soon.
c0000301
On second thought,
c0000302
I'm not sure
I can wait her out.
c0000303
If I can just create
an opening.
c0000304
Linie, quit playing around.
c0000305
Hurry up and kill that boy!
c0000306
[groans]
c0000307
The human wants
to deny me my fun.
c0000308
He's refusing to do anything
but defend himself.
c0000309
[groans]
c0000310
I don't understand
the way you're fighting.
c0000311
Your technique
is like my master's.
c0000312
I'm exceptional at reading
the mana in other people.
c0000313
My specialty is memorizing
the way
c0000314
it flows inside of a person
as they move,
c0000315
which allows me
to imitate them.
c0000316
Just like this.
c0000317
[groans]
c0000318
I recognized your technique
c0000319
the moment you attacked us
at the mansion.
c0000320
[LINIE] Because I memorized it
years ago
c0000321
as I watched
a great warrior fight.
c0000322
What an odd coincidence.
c0000323
Fate is a funny thing.
c0000324
[groans]
c0000325
You mean...
c0000326
I'm going to take your life
c0000327
using Eisen the Warrior's
movements.
c0000328
[STARK] If I am dreaming,
then this is a nightmare.
c0000329
I can't win against her.
c0000330
[Stark groans]
c0000331
There. He's finally fallen.
c0000332
I should go back.
c0000333
I don't want to upset
Lord Lugner.
c0000334
[STARK]
Is that it?
c0000335
Is this how it ends?
c0000336
[EISEN]
Stand up, Stark.
c0000337
Find the strength.
c0000338
No matter how battered you get,
you cannot fall.
c0000339
[STARK] Why do we keep
sparring like this?
c0000340
No matter how hard I try,
I'm not going to beat you.
c0000341
[EISEN]
Of course not.
c0000342
I'm far stronger than you are.
c0000343
[STARK]
Then what's the point?
c0000344
[EISEN]
Look at you.
c0000345
You're back on your feet,
aren't you?
c0000346
You haven't lost yet.
c0000347
That makes no sense.
c0000348
[EISEN]
Listen, Stark.
c0000349
I'll teach you the secret
c0000350
to defeating
powerful opponents.
c0000351
It's simple.
c0000352
All you have to do is
keep getting back up
c0000353
and hitting your enemy.
c0000354
Understand?
c0000355
The winner is the warrior
c0000356
who's still on their feet
at the end.
c0000357
[STARK] You talked like
it was so easy, Master.
c0000358
You and your crazy logic.
c0000359
You shoulda trained your brain
as much as your body.
c0000360
[Linie sighs]
c0000361
A smarter person
would have stayed in the dirt.
c0000362
I've already defeated you.
c0000363
Yet here I am, still standing.
c0000364
[STARK] You know,
now I think about it,
c0000365
my master's blows
were heavier than yours.
c0000366
You're just the poor imitation
of a great warrior.
c0000367
[LINIE]
Imitation or not,
c0000368
I'll still be the death of you.
c0000369
Erfassen.
c0000370
Bluterei!
c0000371
[LINIE]
Wide swing.
c0000372
With no regard for defense.
Idiot.
c0000373
When I saw how you fought,
c0000374
I was prepared for us both
to kill each other.
c0000375
But your attacks don't have
any weight behind them.
c0000376
[STARK]
Lightning Strike!
c0000377
♪
c0000378
Linie! Shit.
c0000379
Zoltraak.
c0000380
[LUGNER]
Magic designed to kill demons.
c0000381
[HEITER] It appears she has
roughly one-fifth of my mana.
c0000382
[AURA] You are absolutely
no match for me.
c0000383
[FRIEREN] The truth is,
c0000384
you are far more powerful
a mage than I am.